you know but girls today i will explain to you with
create in at 100 re fox then
first we waste a program
what we see and donald
here it is
wait time and eventually discharged and
installed program that the cartel was
you will find a rare point that you extract one
new folder don't mind this does that
I tried these programs on
cut
then here then the rows change
we open this file directly
ruthless here for a moment
here it is this will be an indro exhibition
al turn on fox anyway modify it
it's really right click on th and then the
top button and deleted everything in words
then again tab made this too
new passages with taste destre tab
also about users write what
you want an example
with Venus random weapons
and lets tab you see the ball is
too big and now there is a red line
Click and drag where there is a bit
sorry here for a moment a
write yet you see though it's too much
big and I don't have to say it now let's move to the
must that click here drag a little
here you are looking for my new hit
euro we touch the last sought-after source
and let the whole word of enter remain
this line then also the same thing with i
test right button tab
delete scribe in the auction places
new tab and one of us has the size
same thing also with fox
then meet if you want here you can
even in high mines
just be criticized this
vertical network line that will increase
no, but remember never look
this strong look here instead 9 st
finished here we crushed it then and then
we modify on science hicks and on
insights y see on both 600 size
ips 600 site
y63 then we go a little where it says e
jpeg
we pull down we can save in any
format we want quicktime or ab se
please selected avi have
then click when it's all right
make render animus wait here
complete samhain 600 six hundred walter
operates in the writing is 31 bar e
you already were obviously creating this
operation takes a long time
About 6 hours and it took me to do it
mine within once finished which in
trunk or break is ugo see here we are
one of them reaches 600
obviously the time is fake 6 hours
at least
after that depends on the power of time
after you find your file
Video on computer trolling drain is
now that he has to say it because they don't know a
woodpecker now after waiting for i
made your videos from here is everything
we ask the next guys